Handle PlayStation platforms (#2562)
catchorg/Catch2: docs/configuration.md

    CATCH_CONFIG_WINDOWS_SEH                // Enable SEH handling on Windows
    CATCH_CONFIG_FAST_COMPILE               // Sacrifices some (rather minor) features for compilation speed
    CATCH_CONFIG_POSIX_SIGNALS              // Enable handling POSIX signals

>     CATCH_CONFIG_GETENV                     // System has a working `getenv`

Reviewer: I prefer appending to the list, unless some of the options form a logical group.

Also adding new option needs a version placeholder (see `contributing.md` for more).

`CATCH_CONFIG_POSIX_SIGNALS` is on by default, except when Catch is compiled under `Cygwin`, where it is disabled by default (but can be force-enabled by defining `CATCH_CONFIG_POSIX_SIGNALS`).

> `CATCH_CONFIG_GETENV` is on by default, except when Catch is compiled under some platforms that lacks working `getenv` (currently Windows UWP and Playstation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CATCH_CONFIG_GETENV` is on by default, except when Catch2 is compiled for
platforms that lacks working `std::getenv` (currently Windows UWP and
Playstation).
```

Catch2 as the project name is preferred in newly (re)written documentation, same for 80 char columns.
